Add program card component to radio-schedule (#2938)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-radio-schedule/README.md

| episodeTitle | string | yes | N/A | `'29/01/1990'` |
| duration | string | yes | N/A | `'30:00'` |
| state | object | yes | N/A | `{ type: 'live', translation: 'مباشر'}` |
| link | string | yes | N/A | `'https://bbc.com/arabic/articles/c1er5mjnznzo'` |
| service | string | yes | N/A | `'news'` |
| script | object | yes | N/A | `{ canon: { groupA: { fontSize: '28', lineHeight: '32',}, groupB: { fontSize: '32', lineHeight: '36', }, groupD: { fontSize: '44', lineHeight: '48', }, }, trafalgar: { groupA: { fontSize: '20', lineHeight: '24', }, groupB: { fontSize: '24', lineHeight: '28', }, groupD: { fontSize: '32', lineHeight: '36', }, }, }` |
| dir | string | no | `"ltr"` | `"rtl"` |

### Usage

This component displays a single link as program card with a brand title, an episode title, a summary and a duration.

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import { latin } from '@bbc/gel-foundations/scripts';
import ProgramCard from '@bbc/psammead-radio-schedule/ProgramCard';

<ProgramCard
  service="news"
  script={latin}
  dir="ltr"
  brandTitle="This is a brand title"
  summary="Could a computer ever create better art than a human?"
  episodeTitle="29/01/1990"
  duration="30:00"

>   state="live"

Reviewer: `state` is a string in the usage example, but an object in the table of props above :)

| startTime | string | yes | N/A | `13:00` |
| service | string | yes | N/A | `'news'` |
| script | object | yes | N/A | `{ canon: { groupA: { fontSize: '28', lineHeight: '32',}, groupB: { fontSize: '32', lineHeight: '36', }, groupD: { fontSize: '44', lineHeight: '48', }, }, trafalgar: { groupA: { fontSize: '20', lineHeight: '24', }, groupB: { fontSize: '24', lineHeight: '28', }, groupD: { fontSize: '32', lineHeight: '36', }, }, }` |
| dir | string | no | `"ltr"` | `"rtl"` |

### Usage

This component displays a single link as program card with a brand title, an episode title, a summary and a duration.

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import { latin } from '@bbc/gel-foundations/scripts';
import ProgramCard from '@bbc/psammead-radio-schedule/ProgramCard';

<ProgramCard
  service="news"
  script={latin}
  dir="ltr"
  startTime="13:00"
  brandTitle="This is a brand title"
  summary="Could a computer ever create better art than a human?"
  episodeTitle="29/01/1990"
  duration="30:00"
  durationLabel="duration"
  state="live"
  stateLabel="Live"
  link="https://bbc.com/arabic/articles/c1er5mjnznzo"
/>;
```

### When to use this component

> This component is to be used on the `radio` pages.

Reviewer 2: Won't radio schedules be located on front pages?

Author: I'm not sure about this, maybe @tochwill can help.

Reviewer: Hey - this is going to be on front pages

Reviewer 3: It's also going to be on other pages that the media team are working on...

Reviewer: Is there any value in specifying Simorgh pages in the README files? As these components shouldn't be tied to a particular Simorgh use case really?

> This component is to be used on the `radio` pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is to be used initially on the `front pages`, and media pages.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need this section? But it's in all of the READMEs.
